Steal Qín Ruò Yǔ’s design drafts
For me
But
I’ve already been fired by Qín Shì Group
Getting close to Qín Ruò Yǔ now
Might be a bit difficult
What does that have to do with me?
I wasn’t the one enjoying a night of spring
Right, Miss Zhào?
I understand
I advise you
To obediently follow orders
Or else
I can’t guarantee
What your parents might see
Qín Ruò Yǔ
This time, I’ll definitely make you
Ruined and disgraced
President Qín is truly young and talented
I believe this fashion show
By President Qín
Will shake Dōng Hǎi
President Sūn, you underestimate President Qín
Not just Dōng Hǎi
I believe tomorrow, all of Shénzhōu
Will be talking about President Qín’s designs
President Qín
For the next fashion design
Please prioritize us
Cooperating with a thief of trade secrets
And a plagiarist
Might affect
Your company’s reputation, right?
Fù Jiā Háo